good a welcome to the intrepid travels
I'm your host Bruce Mateus celebrity
traveler and explore thank you for
joining me in Scotland today as I and
the entire intrepid travel team
attempted once and for all solved the
mystery of the Loch Ness monster first
brought to international attention in
1933 the Loch Ness monster has been a
source of speculation throughout the
scientific community with reports of
sightings continuing to this day we
intended to bring the intrepid travels
research ship here to Scotland to
utilize its side scanning Sona but
according to my producer Steve some
unforeseen financial circumstances have
prevented that from happening apparently
this kitchen needs new granite
countertops but no worries because we've
brought with us the ugly stick from
Shakespeare fishing some scientists have
claimed that the Loch Ness monster may
first have been sighted in the early 7th
century and yesterday we spoke to him
that who said ah super looks like we've
got something and there's a lot of it
well what a time for all of us here at
intrepid travels as we've managed to
bring the fabled Loch Ness monster into
captivity finally we can unlock the
secrets that have eluded us for all
these centuries I'd like to thank
everyone who made this great day
possible our friends from Shakespeare
fishing and blowpro the official camera
bag of intrepid travels with Bruce
Mateus and a special thank you to my
good mate Allen group what's that ah
super well it appears that this in fact
is not the favor Loch Ness monster but
the USS al-baqarah an experimental u.s.
submarine there was first commissioned
in 1953 and now here on permanent
display in Portsmouth New Hampshire
EurAsEC
I understand it's available for tours
year-round except for tuesdays at
Wednesday's in the winter and also has a
fine gift shop with Apple packing well
no worries then i'm bruce me to
celebrity traveler and explore and
please remember wherever your intrepid
travels take you think about what my
good friend Mario Andretti once told me
they said if you're not making mistakes
they're not trying hard enough good
you